.\" Manpage for hcxtools.
.\" Contact https://github.com/ZerBea to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "02 August 2025" "7.0" "hcxtools man page"
.SH NAME
hcxtools
.SH DESCRIPTION
Small set of tools convert packets from WiFi captures to detect weak points within own WiFi networks by analyzing the hashes.
.SH TOOLS
.nf
| hcxpcapngtool  | Tool to convert raw capture files to Hashcat and JtR readable formats.                                           |
| hcxhashtool    | Tool to filter hashes from HC22000 files based on user input.                                                    |
| hcxpmktool     | Tool to calculate and verify a PSK and/or a PMK.                                                                 |
| hcxpottool     | Tool to to handle ASCII format and several UTF formats of hashcat's pot file.                                    |
| hcxpsktool     | Tool to get weak PSK candidates from hash files or user input.                                                   |
| hcxeiutool     | Tool to prepare -E -I -U output of hcxpcapngtool for use by Hashcat + rule or JtR + rule.                        |
| hcxwltool      | Tool to calculate candidates for Hashcat and JtR based on mixed wordlists.                                       |
| hcxcommic      | Tool to convert hashcat out file & hashcat hash file (22000) to HEX:PLAIN accepted by https://hashmob.net/submit |
| hcxhash2cap    | Tool to convert hash files (PMKID&EAPOL, PMKID, EAPOL-hccapx, EAPOL-hccap, WPAPSK-john) to cap.                  |
| wlancap2wpasec | Tool to upload multiple (gzip compressed) pcapng, pcap and cap files to https://wpa-sec.stanev.org               |
| whoismac       | Tool to show vendor information and/or download oui reference list.                                              |
.SH OPTIONS
help menu (-h and --help) of each tool will list all available options
.SH RELATED TOOLS
| hcxdumptool    | Tool to run several tests to determine if ACCESS POINTs or CLIENTs are vulnerable                                |
| hcxnmealog     | Tool to handle NMEA 0183 sentences                                                                               |
.SH BUGS
no known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
ZeroBeat (https://github.com/ZerBea)
